You awaken in a dark chamber. Suddenly light appears and infront of you are 3 incredibly buff men in lion cloths. 
He introduces himself as Tlatemmati, to the left is his the orcale of wisom and to his right is his champion.

He will ask if everybody would be inclined to a game. If anybody says no he will point to the door behind them as it is now open.
Warning of consquences upon forfeiting his game. Afterwards he explains that all you must do is complete his objective. You have rings 
implanted within your chest. If you attempt to break any rules you shall recieve a punishment. If you complete a goal in an outstanding 
manner you will be rewarded. You may only long rest once until I allow you to and you are only permitted to short rests until I permit.
After all, you don't have forever. Behind him a portal will appear to the next room.

-----
BRIDGE
Your goal is to get across the bridge. As any journey has it's fair share of inconviences and today's just so 
happens to be a broken bridge. Your surprise rule is everybody you kill must be thrown into the chasam 30 seconds after their death. 30ft long

There is a man near the bridge. If you wish to pass you must finish his sequence. 0, 1, 1, 2, ., ., ., . [3, 5, 8, 12].
Upon successfully telling him he will open a portal that allows safe passage.

There is another traveler near the bridge who will give a scroll of misty step if you are able to steal the toll master's book. (DC 25).
If you kill him instead you can make a persuansion/intimidation check (DC 12).
You can also give him a random book and convince him it's the toll master's book (DC 20).

You can also make it across with a rope thrown across assuming you have 30 ft however you need to succeed a (15 DC strength/Dex check).

There is an owlbear cave nearby that can be convinced easily to fly someone across rather easily. Need speak with animals.

There is another man who will ask you to kill the other two by throwing them into the chasm. If you fail to throw one he will refuse to help.

If you kill everyone Tlatemmati will just open a portal across. I didn't expect you to actually kill everyone. They were actual people with 
actual lives you know? Ah well it was entertaining so I'll personally grant you passage.
-----
TOWN Assassiation
You stumble accross a rather humble town called Wind peak. However, there is a ploy a foot. In the town center there is a guest wearing a red 
hat. Speak with them and they'll give you your own goal. Your rule for this one is you cannot kill anyone directly. If you want to ask if 
a way of murder is legal shout into the sky and I shall answer.

Killing the assassian. If you directly kill the assassian the rules will be bent as a reward for your heroic acts to the village. Instead 
they shall countinue to suffer at the hands of a tyrant. However, perhaps it was worth letting the Bhaal worshipper lead his village.
Whenever you make an attack you will recieve 1d4 radaant damage. From here you can decide to personally kill the king without any debuff 
and upon killing the king yourself recieve a +1 damage to all sources of applied damage.

Helping the assassian:
He will ask you to come to somewhere private. Taking you to the windy inn room 3.
If you help the assassian you will be asked to kill the duke of wind peak. He will give everybody a potion of invisibility if needed. 
I do not care how he is killed only that he is.

Ways to kill the duke:
Accidently slipping... If you have water near a staircase and he is up he will fail any dextery check and fall to his death.

Poisnoning his food. While you cannot directly put the poison in his food instead if you get his chef to add the poison you'd be fine.
Poison can be obtained from the assassian.

Drug related...
Behind the windy inn there is a hag disguised as an old lady selling narcatics.
You can buy effectively fantasy cocaine and attempt to OD the duke.
You can buy fantasy LSD where someone will enter a rampage and attempt to kill everyone in their path.
You can buy a potion of balding.
Other actually useful potions can be bought here.

You can also attempt to have him OD on wine however, this is rather difficult and prequires failing 10 con checks 
where you convince him to drink more.

Convincing others...
If you go into his room you can find a letter addressed to the blood hand. It tells of his most recent plight in which he tortured a villager. With a toxin coated bladed where he attempted 
death by 1000 cuts. His most interesting word is "IT WAS EVER SO ENJOYABLE. PLEASE MY LORD WRITE OF MORE METHODS." afterwards it tells where the dungeon is. In the dungeon there is a 
bookcase where if you pull 'till death due us part' will turn around. In which you can find his dungeon. If you leave it open he will be dead in the morning as a gaurd had stumbled accross 
it an act of heroism will personally slay the entire noble family. The guard will also be dead.

You can give it to one of his family members in which they will find out and actually do the deed themselves. Nobody will die.

There is a man in the dungeon who appears to be having a schizophrenic delusion. If you free him you can tell him that the duke is evil and he will immeidately seek to kill him.
His key can be found on the gaurd to the dungeon and can be pick pocketed (DC 5). He will also tell you where this key is.

You can convince anybody with a (DC 30) roll.
The assassian is notable as he refuses this no matter what.
You can also convince his wife to kill him for a (DC 20) roll as she's already suspicious of him.

You can convince the king to commit sucide if you have the paper and succeed a (DC 15) roll.

In the town if you ask around you'll eventually find somebody who mentions people going missing. You can either roll a (DC 20) deception check 
or show them his letter in which a mob will storm and burn down the manor.

Praying...
You can kill with a (DC 25) religion check as a pray to any god. While the god themselves wont respond Tlatemmati will actually 
feel bad for your despiration and do it himself.

Upon success. I realize that probably none of these will happen. However you will be warpped away into another place.
Where Tlatemmati will comment on how you did it. If you managed to pass both without breaking or requiring him 
to bend any rules he will give you 15 temporary hit points.
-----
THE RAT KING

After being teleported you will be told your new goal is to defeat the rat king. Every successful odd attack roll 
will require you to roll a percentile dice and take that effect from the wild magic table.

The only goal is to kill the rat king. Combat will start immediately. After defeating the rat king 
he will thank you as he didn't know how he'd get rid of that annoying pest. He can now finally enter his wine
cellar without having to deal with a crazy dude.
-----
THE DUNGEON

I simply ask you complete this dungeon. I'm not sure what is it with you adventuring types but I realize 
no adventure is complete without a dungeon. The dungeon is literally a dark room with a door that opens.
There is no obsticale here. 

We'll I see you guys completed the dungeon and have gotten your fill. Now onwards. I uh actually forgot to 
order the dungeon so all I had was the door...
-----
THE NIGHTMARE

Upon completion you will be taken into a bed room with potions. You all will be asked to drink a potion.

Typically I don't expect people to drink random drugs without asking what it does however, I appluad 
the faith you put into me. Now I request you all kill eachother. We need some form of drama and I feel 
you are getting to comfortable. The last survivor will actually get a +1 to all ability checks afterwards.
-----
THE CASINO

You are warped outside of a golden tower. Inside is a massive casino. everyone starts with 1 gold and 
must make 100. Upon failing a saving throw you must pass a con check otherwise become drunk.

If you go broke you will be given a second chance with a goal only 25.

If you go broke a second time you will be asked to instead just kill the dealer.

You can play poker in which you need to roll the highest on a d20 at the table. Bets under under 3 all oppents 
will recieve a -5 to their roll. Bets Under 5 all oppents recieve a -2. Winning this you will recieve 3x.

You can play chess in which you need to win by a lead of 3 intillegence saving throw rolls. Winning this you recieve 2x.

There is a cup guessing game in which if you succeed a percetion vs slight of hand throw you'll be told which one.
Otherwise I roll a 1d4 and if the guess that cup they win. (4 cups in total)
-----
THE FINAL FIGHT.
Everyone will get into a final fight with Tlatemmati. The condition is to survive.